Add ticketing information (#6)
ChainAgnostic/AMS-CASA-gathering: README.md

In the evening there will be a small afterparty sponsored by some of the CASA members.

# Tickets

> Admission will be free - but we will control who is coming via vouchers. Don't be shy to reach out to us for them - we want to be inclusive - just have a bit of control over the influx. Once you have a voucher you can claim the ticket here: https://ticketh.xyz/casa/gathering/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admission will be free - but we will control who is coming via vouchers. Don't be shy to reach out to us on [our Discord server](https://discord.gg/JZVCp2qE) or elsewhere for as many vouchers as you need - we want to be inclusive - just have a bit of control over the influx. Once you have a voucher you can claim the ticket here: https://ticketh.xyz/casa/gathering/
```
